kill for life
Hey, hey, how do you know?
Was this person killed by this doctor?
I am a disciple of Wentian Divine Doctor
I can determine the cause of death
As long as God Doctor can make it cheaper in person, I will believe it.
But my teacher did not maliciously report it.
It has lost its homophony.
Wanshan Medical Skill
I am willing to write to prove it for him
I will accept any result that the stirring doctor can come.
I'm willing to prove it for him
I told my teacher to kill for his life
kill for life
Kill, kill, run for your life
Wan Fukang is courting death
Also want to use the water army to fool the people
Snowflake Contact Doctor